Transaction Pinning: emphasize that the sum of fees needs to be replaced (#714)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _topics/en/transaction-pinning.md

include:

- **[BIP125][] RBF rule #3** requires a replacement transaction

>   pay a higher absolute fee (not just feerate) than the total fees paid

Reviewer: Change looks good to me, but I might even prefer:

```suggestion
  pay a higher absolute fee (not just feerate) than the sum of fees paid
```

Author: Agreed, force pushed with your suggestion.
